MICROSOFT PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS

MICROSOFT VCPKG-CE PROJECT

These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on
where you live, one of its affiliates) and you. They apply to the pre-release
software named above. The terms also apply to any Microsoft services or updates
for the software, except to the extent those have additional terms.

IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW.

1.  INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.

    a. General. You may install and use any number of copies of the software.

    b. Third Party Components. The software may include third party components
       with separate legal notices or governed by other agreements, as may be
       described in the “…Notice” file(s) accompanying the software.

2.  PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE. This software is a pre-release version. It may not
    operate correctly or work the way a final version will. Microsoft may change
    it for the final, commercial version. Microsoft is not obligated to provide
    maintenance, technical support or updates to you for the software.

3.  FEEDBACK. If you give feedback about the software to Microsoft, you give to
    Microsoft, without charge, the right to use, share and commercialize your
    feedback in any way and for any purpose. You will not give feedback that is
    subject to a license that requires Microsoft to license its software or
    documentation to third parties because we include your feedback in them.
    These rights survive this agreement.

4.  DATA.

    a. Data Collection. The software may collect information about you and your
       use of the software, and send that to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this
       information to provide services and improve our products and services.
       You may opt-out of many of these scenarios, but not all, as described in
       the product documentation. There are also some features in the software
       that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your
       applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable
       law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your
       applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our
       privacy statement is located at
       https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704. You can learn more about
       data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy
       statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these
       practices.

    b. Processing of Personal Data. To the extent Microsoft is a processor or
       subprocessor of personal data in connection with the software, Microsoft
       makes the commitments in the European Union General Data Protection
       Regulation Terms of the Online Services Terms to all customers effective
       May 25, 2018, at https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/gdpr.

5.  TIME-SENSITIVE SOFTWARE.

    a) Period. This agreement is effective on your acceptance and terminates on
       the earlier of (i) 30 days following first availability of a commercial
       release of the software or (ii) upon termination by Microsoft. Microsoft
       may extend this agreement in its discretion.

    b) Notice. You may receive periodic reminder notices of this date through
       the software.

    c) Access to data. You may not be able to access data used in the software
       when it stops running.

6.  FEEDBACK. If you give feedback about the software to Microsoft, you give to
    Microsoft, without charge, the right to use, share and commercialize your
    feedback in any way and for any purpose. You will not give feedback that is
    subject to a license that requires Microsoft to license its software or
    documentation to third parties because we include your feedback in them.
    These rights survive this agreement.

7.  SCOPE OF LICENSE. The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only
    gives you some rights to use the software. Microsoft reserves all other
    rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation,
    you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In
    doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software
    that only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not

    - work around any technical limitations in the software;

    - reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, or otherwise
      attempt to derive the source code for the software, except and to the
      extent required by third party licensing terms governing use of certain
      open-source components that may be included with the software;

    - remove, minimize, block or modify any notices of Microsoft or its
      suppliers in the software;

    - use the software in any way that is against the law;

    - share, publish, rent, or lease the software; or,

    - provide the software as a stand-alone offering or combined with any of
      your applications for others to use, or transfer the software or this
      agreement to any third party.

8.  EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You must comply with all domestic and international
    export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include
    restrictions on destinations, end users and end use. For further information
    on export restrictions, visit www.microsoft.com/exporting.

9.  SUPPORT SERVICES. Because this software is “as is,” we may not provide
    support services for it.

10. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates,
    Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire
    agreement for the software and support services.

11. APPLICABLE LAW. If you acquired the software in the United States,
    Washington law applies to interpretation of and claims for breach of this
    agreement, and the laws of the state where you live apply to all other
    claims. If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply.

12. CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS. This agreement describes certain legal
    rights. You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws
    of your state or country. Separate and apart from your relationship with
    Microsoft, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you
    acquired the software. This agreement does not change those other rights if
    the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so. For example, if
    you acquired the software in one of the below regions, or mandatory country
    law applies, then the following provisions apply to you:

    a. Australia. You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer
       Law and nothing in this agreement is intended to affect those rights.

    b. Canada. If you acquired this software in Canada, you may stop receiving
       updates by turning off the automatic update feature, disconnecting your
       device from the Internet (if and when you re-connect to the Internet,
       however, the software will resume checking for and installing updates),
       or uninstalling the software. The product documentation, if any, may also
       specify how to turn off updates for your specific device or software.

    c. Germany and Austria.

        (i) Warranty. The properly licensed software will perform substantially
            as described in any Microsoft materials that accompany the software.
            However, Microsoft gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the
            licensed software.

        (ii) Limitation of Liability. In case of intentional conduct, gross
            negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as,
            in case of death or personal or physical injury, Microsoft is liable
            according to the statutory law.

        Subject to the foregoing clause (ii), Microsoft will only be liable for
        slight negligence if Microsoft is in breach of such material contractual
        obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of
        this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this
        agreement and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in
        (so-called "cardinal obligations"). In other cases of slight negligence,
        Microsoft will not be liable for slight negligence.

13. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED “AS-IS.” YOU BEAR THE RISK
    OF USING IT. MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR
    CONDITIONS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, MICROSOFT
    XCLUDES THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
    PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

14. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND
    ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $5.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY
    OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
    INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.

    This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software, services,
    content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party
    applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty,
    guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the
    extent permitted by applicable law.

    It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the
    possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply
    to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of
    incidental, consequential or other damages.

Please note: As this software is distributed in Quebec, Canada, some of the
clauses in this agreement are provided below in French.

Remarque : Ce logiciel étant distribué au Québec, Canada, certaines des clauses
dans ce contrat sont fournies ci-dessous en français.

EXONÉRATION DE GARANTIE. Le logiciel visé par une licence est offert
« tel quel ». Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est à votre seule risque et
péril. Microsoft n’accorde aucune autre garantie expresse. Vous pouvez
bénéficier de droits additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la protection des
consommateurs, que ce contrat ne peut modifier. La ou elles sont permises par le
droit locale, les garanties implicites de qualité marchande, d’adéquation à un
usage particulier et d’absence de contrefaçon sont exclues.

LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR LES
DOMMAGES. Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs une
indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement à hauteur de 5,00 $ US. Vous
ne pouvez prétendre à aucune indemnisation pour les autres dommages, y compris
les dommages spéciaux, indirects ou accessoires et pertes de bénéfices.

Cette limitation concerne:

- tout ce qui est relié au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y compris le
  code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des programmes tiers ; et

- les réclamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie, ou au titre
  de responsabilité stricte, de négligence ou d’une autre faute dans la limite
  autorisée par la loi en vigueur.

Elle s’applique également, même si Microsoft connaissait ou devrait connaître
l’éventualité d’un tel dommage. Si votre pays n’autorise pas l’exclusion ou la
limitation de responsabilité pour les dommages indirects, accessoires ou de
quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que la limitation ou l’exclusion
ci-dessus ne s’appliquera pas à votre égard.

EFFET JURIDIQUE. Le présent contrat décrit certains droits juridiques. Vous
pourriez avoir d’autres droits prévus par les lois de votre pays. Le présent
contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous confèrent les lois de votre pays si
celles-ci ne le permettent pas.
